# IT4080_Utilities

# Install
1.  [Download the zip](https://github.com/ProfButch/IT4080_Utilities/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).
1.  Extract the zip.
1.  Open the extracted folder.
1.  Copy the `Assets/IT4080` folder from the extracted zip folder to your `Assets` folder.

# IT4080 Menu
This menu contains utilities to make building your game and running multiple instances of the game much easier.  Once you set your build path, you can quickly create a new build and run multiple instances.  Each instance gets its very own log file.  You can even view these logs through Unity.

This menu works for Windows and Mac.  Linux support would be great, PRs welcomed.

__WARNING__:  If you use any of the `Run` commands while instances are still running they will write to the same log file.  This will result in some very confusing logs.  For example, if you click `Run->3`, then `Run->1` then the first instance from `Run->3` and the instance from `Run->1` will be writing to the same logfile.  The contents of `<build name>_1.log` will be total chaos.

## Menu Items
* `Set Build Path` - Sets the build path that will be used for all other build commands that are executed.  No more dialogs when building.  Just click build and it builds to the last place, no questions asked.  This value is saved in the EditorPrefs so you never have to set it again if you don't want to.
* `Build` - Builds the project to the path set by Build Path.
* `Build Current Scene` - This will build the project the same as Build but it will use the current scene as the first scene run by the build.  This only affects the build that is generated.  It does not change the order of the scenes in BuildSettings.  Use the `Run <x>` menus to run this build (as `Build and Run` always does a normal build)
`Build and Run <x>` - Performs a build then will launch 1-4 instances of the built project.  See Run <x> for more info.
* `Run <x>` - Runs 1-4 instances of the last build.  This will create a logfile in the same directory as the build.  The logfile name will be <build name>_<x>.log, where x is 1-4.  Logs are rewritten each time a run occurs.  Logs are not ever deleted by this program.
* `View Logs` (beta) - This will bring up an in-editor log viewer for the log files that are generated by the `Run <x>` commands.  It's not perfect, and can be slow when each log file exceeds 3k lines.  Showing large amounts of text in Unity is wonky at best.  It's better than nothing though.
* `Show Files` - This will open up the `Build Path` in Finder or Exploerer.
* `About` - About `About`:  It prints info about the menu.  That's what it's all about.  It uses `Debug.Log`.  It doesn't print much.  Try it out.  I've typed "about" too much, it looks weird now.
